Feature/dpc voucher support (#198)
iExecBlockchainComputing/documentation-tools: tools/dataProtector/dataProtectorCore/processProtectedData.md

  });
```

### useVoucher <OptionalBadge />

**Type:** `boolean`  
**Default:** `false`

This optional param allows you to pay for the deal using your voucher. Make sure

> that your voucher is held by your connected wallet.

Reviewer: - "deal" is not mentioned in other payment-related options (ie: `maxPrice`); instead, "task" is used, we should keep it uniformized.
- the voucher used is not always the user's voucher, maybe say it uses user's voucher by default and can be override by `voucherAddress`

```ts twoslash
import { IExecDataProtectorCore, getWeb3Provider } from '@iexec/dataprotector';

const web3Provider = getWeb3Provider('PRIVATE_KEY');
const dataProtectorCore = new IExecDataProtectorCore(web3Provider);
// ---cut---
const processProtectedDataResponse =
  await dataProtectorCore.processProtectedData({
    protectedData: '0x123abc...',
    app: '0x456def...',
    useVoucher: true, // [!code focus]
  });
```

::: tip

If your voucher doesn't have enough xRLC to cover the deal, the SDK will
automatically get the required amount to your iExec account. Ensure that your
voucher is authorized to access your iExec account and that your account has
sufficient funds for this transfer to proceed.

:::

### voucherAddress <OptionalBadge />

**Type:** `Address`

> This optional parameter allows you to pay for the deal using someone else’s
> voucher. Make sure the voucher has authorized you to use it. This parameter must
> be used in combination with `useVoucher: true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This optional parameter allows you to pay for the task using someone else’s
voucher. Make sure the voucher's owner has authorized you to use it. This parameter must
be used in combination with `useVoucher: true`.
```
